<!-- Generated by documentation.js. Update this documentation by updating the source code. -->

## rv-photoswipe

Component to open a photoswipe gallery

## options

define options (if needed) @see [http://photoswipe.com/documentation/options.html][1]

### bgOpacity

If set to false: background opacity and image scale will be animated (image opacity is always 1).

### bgOpacity

Initial zoom-in transition duration in milliseconds. Set to 0 to disable.

### bgOpacity

The same as the previous option, just for closing (zoom-out) transition.

### bgOpacity

Background (.pswp\_\_bg) opacity. Should be a number from 0 to 1, e.g. 0.7.

### spacing

Spacing ratio between slides. For example, 0.12 will render as a 12% of sliding viewport width (rounded).

### allowPanToNext

Allow swipe navigation to next/prev item when current item is zoomed. Option is always false on devices that don't have hardware touch support.

### maxSpreadZoom

Maximum zoom level when performing spread (zoom) gesture. 2 means that image can be zoomed 2x from original size.

### modal

Controls whether PhotoSwipe should expand to take up the entire viewport.
If false, the PhotoSwipe element will take the size of the positioned parent of the template.
Take a look at the FAQ for more information.

### getThumbBoundsFn

Function should return an object with coordinates from which initial zoom-in animation will start (or zoom-out animation will end).

**Parameters**

-   `index`  

### barsSize

Size of top & bottom bars in pixels,

"bottom" parameter can be 'auto' (will calculate height of caption)
option applies only when mouse is used,
or width of screen is more than 1200px
(Also refer to `parseVerticalMargin` event)

### clickToCloseNonZoomable

Mouse click on image should close the gallery,
only when image is smaller than size of the viewport

### closeElClasses

Element classes click on which should close the PhotoSwipe.
In HTML markup, class should always start with "pswp**", e.g.: "pswp**item", "pswp**caption".
"pswp**ui--over-close" class will be added to root element of UI when mouse is over one of these elements
By default it's used to highlight the close button.

### indexIndicatorSep

Separator for "1 of X" counter

### shareButtons

Share buttons
Available variables for URL:
{{url}}             - url to current page
{{text}}            - title
{{image_url}}       - encoded image url
{{raw_image_url}}   - raw image url

### getImageURLForShare

Next 3 functions return data for share links

functions are triggered after click on button that opens share modal,
which means that data should be about current (active) slide

**Parameters**

-   `shareButtonData`  

### parseShareButtonOut

Parse output of share links

**Parameters**

-   `shareButtonData`  
-   `shareButtonOut`  

[1]: http://photoswipe.com/documentation/options.html
